What is the purpose?
To test out a process for finding code modules given a specification

Does something else have higher priority?
No

What is the first step?  second?
Build a database of functions
Write code by querying this database

How are you going to test this?
Will use it to build software

How is this going to work in production?
Users will write unit tests describing how functions should behave
Functions matching those specifications will be retrieved
The user will use those functions in the rest of their code

How can we divide up the work?
I can do it

What are the input formats?
unit tests

What are the output formats?
code blocks

Is this change going to break existing processes?
hopefully it will change the way programmers work
what if people stop sharing code online?
seems unlikely, same problems currently exist

Is there an easier way?  (avoid coding)
this is pretty easy
it's already close to done

Is it worth it?
might be the start of a new way of programming, so yes

Can I adapt something that already exists?
Do I have enough time to see it through to completion?
Can I preempt any blockers?
  - big downloads, IT, app store reviews
Is there anyone I can ask for advice?
  - Is there a similar PR I can look at?
  - Are there any docs for this system?
What are the risks?
How can we track usage?
  - Add logging with timestamps
Make sure everyone knows what they are doing
  - Have the mobile team reviewed the plan?
How are we going to integrate with other systems?
Are there concurrency issues?
How could this be done faster?
  - Have the person who owns that part of the code do it
Do you know what all the terms mean?
  - "Post evaluation" comes before "Fixit"
What are the edge cases?
  - One item towards the bottom of the FAQ contains a bulleted list
Can you enable ops to drive the content?
Are any significant events coming up?
  - Other project needs to launch in the middle of this one.
Get design reviewed
Is product ok with the plan?
  - Sometimes they would rather get something quick and dirty.
Create a diagram
Are we following the spec exactly?
  - The spec had camelCase but it should've had underscores.
Do I have a fast feedback loop?
  - Had to wait two minutes for a Hive query to run after every change.
Is anyone else working on the same thing?
  - Anomaly detection stepped on Data Science toes.
Is this legal?
